updated warehouse best practice docs (#349)
Eppo-exp/eppo-docs: docs/data-management/warehouse-costs.md

---
sidebar_position: 10
---

# Warehouse best practices

> As a warehouse native product, Eppo takes managing warehouse costs seriously. While Eppo's SQL-based approach makes integration easy, transparent, and secure, it also means that configuring Eppo properly is important to avoid increasing your warehouse bill.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eppo's warehouse native approach makes integration easy, transparent, and secure but it also creates a dependency on the underlying warehouse database structure. Knowing how to configure your tables to work with Eppo properly is important to minimizing run-times and compute used.
```

I want this to sound less scary/severe

Author: Yep good call, I like this wording much more
